	Overall, I think the website http://jasonsantamaria.com/ has a great design. There are three very important things to consider when designing a webpage – design, ease of use, and content. In this case, the design is very simple, yet effective. Personally, I liked how he kept the information in the site header to a minimum, but had enough details to be able to navigate throughout the entire site.  This makes the site easy for new visitors to navigate. The color scheme that he chose for the site looks to be a red/black on white. In my opinion, it works well here. There isn’t anything too flashy that could draw your attention away from the content. I also think the design he uses for his posts flows very well with the rest of the site.
	The top header on the site displays the site logo, and gives the user five options of places to visit on the site – home, articles, portfolio, reading, and about. This would be appealing to visitors because they wouldn’t have to dig and find that one kind of hidden link to get to the part of the site they were looking for. If they wanted to see his portfolio, simple – click ‘portfolio’. I also like how at the bottom of the page, he includes information about recent projects and, more importantly, links to his profiles on different social media sites. Nowadays, for entrepreneurs, using social media as a way to get their work out there isn’t an option, it’s expected.
	Lastly, we have content. Content is one of, if not the most, important part of a website. To me, it seems like Jason is trying to present his content in the form of an online magazine, rather than a typical blog. I really like the concept that he went with, and find that it makes me want to know more about the content. So, after taking some time to read some articles on his site, I thought that his postings were informative and to-the-point. While I personally don’t find graphic design particularly interesting, his site still grabbed my attention. The audience he’s trying to appeal to with his content is obvious, and I think he does a very good job of attracting people outside his expected audience as well.
